ACTIVITY# 1
                              Meeting with Coeus Solutions GmbH's HR
General Problems and queries:

In case of any query or problem i have to report my immediate suppervisor , for now i have to report Mr Qasim zeeshan.
Hr Related problems:
In case any query related to leaves, bonuses , policies , terms and conditions i have to report Mr Bilial Iqbal.
Accounts Related Query:
In case of any query or problem related to salary issues, pay slips , dinner payment in case of late night sitting i have to report manager of accounts Muhammad Muzaffar.
Operations Related Issues :
In case of any query or problem related operations like repairing of gadets or system related issue i have to report Manager Operations Mr Zeeshan Ahmad.

Benefits given by Coeus Solutions GmbH

Some benefits are mentioned below 
1) Paid leveas : i can take upto 26 paid leaves
2) Provident Fund: Incremented EPF will be given to employees if they resign after 1 year of employment otherwise EPF amount will  be returned as it was deducted from Employees salary.
3) Ms Scholarship : Coeus Sloutions sponser Ms in any state university of Germany.
4) Wedding Allowance: it gives wedding Allowance upto 10K to Assosiate Software Engineer.
5)Performace Bonus: annually 2 performance are given to employees if they fall in the company's performace criteria.
5) Medical facility : in case of any serious injury company will bear upto 150,000rs for recovery.
6)Maternity Bonus: Maternity bonus amount is upto 10,000rs.
7)Over Time payment : In case of OverTime compnay will pay on perHour/perDay basis.In case of late sitting company will bear up 350Rs meal.

Now here is hierarchy i have to follow in case of any query.

-> if I want to apply for leaves then i have to mark leaves on PeopleHR 2 or 3 days before.In case of sick leave i have to mail my immediate supervisor.
-> But if i want to cancel my approved leaves then i have to mail to my immediate supervisor and Hr.
-> if i have some leaves left from my annaul leaves then that leaves will be carry forward to next year annaul leaves.
-> No cash Out in case of leaves left.
-> In case of any harassment or problem from any collegue i have to mail  HR.
-> In case of risignation i have to mail HR. 
    1) In the first 3 months i have to inform 15 days before and after the probation period i have to inform 1 month before leaving.

In short Compnay policies and all procedure are transparent. And the company approach towards its freshly hired employees is flexible.





                                    Meeting with Coeus Solutions GmbH's COO


In this meeting i came to know How Coeus Solutions GmbH Establishes relationships with cliens, ways of genrating revenue, methods for staying in market as a srtong competitor.

Some highlighted points are given below

-> Coeus Solurtions GmbH have two types of contracts
    1) Fixed price Contract :  Under this type of contract Client hires some resources of company for development and management of project.That resources ahve to serve upto signing Off requirments by client.This type of Contract is not encouraged here because payments and deadlines delays as the creeping requirements come up.
   2) Dedicated Development Contract : Under this type of contract Company make a development plan according to clients requirments and set a fixed amount for every month and Client have to pay that fixed amount. This Contract is encouraged here becuase in case of creeping Requirments company suffer less than the Fixed price contract.

-> Following are tpes of Clients 
    Coeus Solutions GmbH serves both small and large companies. Coeus Solutions GmbH has Signed a non-Competitive partnership with a bigger 
    company Meta Design. Meta Design shares its project modules with Coeus solutions GmbH for the complition of product. 

-> Projects/ Products of Coeus Solutions GmbH

   1) Coeus Solutions GmbH works both on product and project bases  
        like Rocket Intternship is a product which have atleast 10 versions upto now
   2) Coeus Solutions GmbH have its own projects rather than providing the services to other clients 
          CataTravelAgent.com
          YourTravelGuide.com
          ApaTrip.com 
      above all are the products of Coeus Solutions GmbH.
  3) Coeus Solutions Gmbh is also an Incubator. Compnay sponser a enough worthy idea for implementataion from any of its employee.
  4) Coeus Solutions also work Onsite 
     like below are some companies for which Company serves onsite
     Watton fall products
     BMW
     Quipe

-> In short Coeus solutions GmbH have done a historic accomplishments and  builed a strong profile with the support of its dedicated employees.


















 









 


